[role="xpack"]
[testenv="platinum"]
[[get-dfanalytics]]
=== Get {dfanalytics-jobs} API
[subs="attributes"]
++++
<titleabbrev>Get {dfanalytics-jobs}</titleabbrev>
++++

Retrieves configuration information for {dfanalytics-jobs}.

experimental[]


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-request]]
==== {api-request-title}

`GET _ml/data_frame/analytics/<data_frame_analytics_id>` +

`GET _ml/data_frame/analytics/<data_frame_analytics_id>,<data_frame_analytics_id>` +

`GET _ml/data_frame/analytics/` +

`GET _ml/data_frame/analytics/_all`


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-prereq]]
==== {api-prereq-title}

If the {es} {security-features} are enabled, you must have the following privileges:

* cluster: `monitor_ml`
  
For more information, see <<security-privileges>> and <<built-in-roles>>.


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-desc]]
==== {api-description-title}

You can get information for multiple {dfanalytics-jobs} in a single API request 
by using a comma-separated list of {dfanalytics-jobs} or a wildcard expression.


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-path-params]]
==== {api-path-parms-title}

`<data_frame_analytics_id>`::
(Optional, string) 
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=job-id-data-frame-analytics-default]
+
--
You can get information for all {dfanalytics-jobs} by using _all, by specifying 
`*` as the `<data_frame_analytics_id>`, or by omitting the 
`<data_frame_analytics_id>`.
--


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-query-params]]
==== {api-query-parms-title}

`allow_no_match`::
(Optional, boolean) 
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=allow-no-match]

`from`::
(Optional, integer) 
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=from]

`size`::
(Optional, integer) 
include::{docdir}/ml/ml-shared.asciidoc[tag=size]


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-results]]
==== {api-response-body-title}

`data_frame_analytics`::
(array)
An array of {dfanalytics-job} resources, which are sorted by the `id` value in 
ascending order.

`analysis`:::
(object) The type of analysis that is performed on the `source`.

`analyzed_fields`:::
(object) Contains `includes` and/or `excludes` patterns that select which fields 
are included in the analysis.

`analyzed_fields`.`excludes`:::
(Optional, array) An array of strings that defines the fields that are excluded 
from the analysis.

`analyzed_fields`.`includes`:::
(Optional, array) An array of strings that defines the fields that are included 
in the analysis.

`dest`:::
(string) The destination configuration of the analysis.

`dest`.`index`:::
(string) The _destination index_ that stores the results of the 
{dfanalytics-job}.

`dest`.`results_field`:::
(string) The name of the field that stores the results of the analysis. Defaults 
to `ml`.

`id`:::
(string) The unique identifier of the {dfanalytics-job}.

`model_memory_limit`:::
(string) The `model_memory_limit` that has been set to the {dfanalytics-job}.

`source`:::
(object) The configuration of how the analysis data is sourced. It has an 
`index` parameter and optionally a `query` and a `_source`.
  
`source`.`index`:::
(array) Index or indices on which to perform the analysis. It can be a single 
index or index pattern as well as an array of indices or patterns.
    
`source`.`query`:::
(object) The query that has been specified for the {dfanalytics-job}. The {es} 
query domain-specific language (<<query-dsl,DSL>>). This value corresponds to 
the query object in an {es} search POST body. By default, this property has the 
following value: `{"match_all": {}}`.

`source`.`_source`:::
(object) Contains the specified `includes` and/or `excludes` patterns that 
select which fields are present in the destination. Fields that are excluded 
cannot be included in the analysis.

`source`.`_source`.`excludes`:::
(array) An array of strings that defines the fields that are excluded from the 
destination.

`source`.`_source`.`includes`:::
(array) An array of strings that defines the fields that are included in the 
destination.


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-response-codes]]
==== {api-response-codes-title}

`404` (Missing resources)::
  If `allow_no_match` is `false`, this code indicates that there are no
  resources that match the request or only partial matches for the request.


[[ml-get-dfanalytics-example]]
==== {api-examples-title}

The following example gets configuration information for the `loganalytics` 
{dfanalytics-job}:

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
GET _ml/data_frame/analytics/loganalytics
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[skip:TBD]

The API returns the following results:

[source,console-result]
----
{
    "count": 1,
    "data_frame_analytics": [
        {
            "id": "loganalytics",
            "source": {
                "index": "logdata",
                "query": {
                    "match_all": {}
                }
            },
            "dest": {
                "index": "logdata_out",
                "results_field": "ml"
            },
            "analysis": {
                "outlier_detection": {}
            },
            "model_memory_limit": "1gb",
            "create_time": 1562265491319,
            "version" : "8.0.0"
        }
    ]
}
----
